Alice: Right. There. I’m ﬁnished.
Fiona: You’re ﬁnished?
Alice: I’m ﬁnished, I’m done, I mean, I think I am, I think it’s done.
Fiona: Do you want me to have a read?
Alice: No. No, it’s ﬁne. Unless . . . do you want to?
Fiona: If you want me to.
Alice: Right, yeah, no, no, you probably should.
Fiona: OK, I will.
Alice: Actually can you not?
Fiona: No?
Alice: No, and it’s not that I don’t want you to, I do, obviously, it’s just I knew you’ll ﬁnd loads wrong with it and then you’ll make me change it and –
Fiona: I won’t make you change it –
Alice: And then I’ll start worrying about all the other things that are wrong with it –
Fiona: I won’t make you change it.
Alice: And then I’ll never actually send it and we’ll be right back where we started
Fiona: Alice, I won’t make you change it.
Alice: Yes, you would! You always make me change things.
Fiona: Like when?
Alice: Last week, last week I left that work in the kitchen –
Fiona: I made a few notes in the margin, I was just trying to make it sound less dry.
Alice: It was a shipping contract, it was supposed to sound dry. Look, I’d rather just send it, OK?
Fiona: Good, I want you to just send it.
Alice: Fine, I will.
Alice: OK, alright, maybe you should take a look.
Fiona: Fine.
Alice: Actually no.
Fiona: Seriously?!
Alice: I’m sorry, I’m sorry, OK? I just want to get it right, I just – I’m going to do one more draft.
Fiona: You’ve done ﬁfteen.
Alice: I need to check the spelling.
Fiona: Run spell-check.
Alice: I have. I need to check for stuff it missed.
Fiona: What stuff?
Alice: I don’t know, that’s why I need to check it! Writing this email’s the most important thing I’ve ever done, I don’t want it to open with ‘Dear Mum and Dad, I’ve got something very important to tell you. I’m a Lebanon.’
Alice: Look, Fee, it’s late, they’ll be in bed, can’t we just wait?
Fiona: Till when?
Alice: I don’t know, January?
Fiona: What, you mean in twenty-four hours?
Alice: Yes, maybe it can wait twenty-four hours.
Fiona: Fine. Fine. Wait twenty-four hours. That is absolutely ﬁne.
Alice: Well, it obviously isn’t, is it?
Fiona: No, it is. It’s ﬁne. And y’know why? It means I win the bet.
Alice: No it doesn’t.
Fiona: No?
Alice: No. No it does not – I didn’t say I wasn’t going to send it, I just said I wasn’t going to send it tonight.
Fiona: There’s a difference?
Alice: Yes! I am going to send it, OK? But even if I didn’t, you still wouldn’t win the bet, you’ll never win the bet because I’ll still come out before Angelina Jolie because Angelina Jolie is not a – No, y’know what, I’m not rising to this.
Fiona: Fine.
Alice: She’s married.
Fiona: Divorced.
Alice: She’s been married.
Fiona: He’s gay too.
Alice: She’s been married several times.
Fiona: They’re beards.